Create a screen layout modifier (#214)
kiwicom/orbit-swiftui: Sources/Orbit/Orbit.docc/Foundation/ScreenLayout.md

# Screen Layout

> Wrap content in a unified screen layout to get consistently looking screens on iPhone or iPad of various sized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrap content in a unified screen layout to get consistently looking screens on iPhone or iPad of various sizes.
```

## Overview

Screen layout gives content unified padding and frame behaviour that can be dynamic based on compact or regular width environment.

## Adding screen layout to a content

Use the `View.screenLayout()` modifier to add screen layout to a view:

```swift
VStack {
    illustration
    text
    Spacer()
    button
}
.screenLayout()
```

> Screen layout modifier adds specified maximum width (maxReadableWidth by default) and padding behaviour for provided content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The screen layout modifier adds specified maximum width (``Layout/readableMaxWidth`` by default) and padding behaviour for the provided content.
```

## Suppressing screen layout

> Child views can inspect the ``IsInsideScreenLayoutKey`` environment key to act upon this modifier. One example is a `Card` component that ignores horizontal paddings in `compact` environment.

Reviewer: Isn't the key itself more of an implementation detail? When actually checking for this, we'll use the property on `EnvironmentValues`...
